[
  {
    "cluster_id": 0,
    "meta_title": "RDF Handling and Vocabularies",
    "meta_summary": "This topic cluster centers on the management, standardization, and practical application of RDF vocabularies and related technologies within the Solid ecosystem. Discussions include defining and locating specific RDF predicates, handling different RDF formats (Turtle, JSON-LD, etc.), managing vocabulary curation, and addressing issues related to ontology retrieval, caching, and updating, often in the context of specific use cases and Solid specifications. The community actively explores best practices for RDF data handling, including working with blank nodes, URI allocation, and aligning with existing W3C standards.",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Ontology",
      "Vocabulary",
      "RDF",
      "Solid Vocab",
      "N3",
      "Specification",
      "RDFa",
      "W3C",
      "Blank Nodes",
      "Turtle"
    ],
    "group_count": 45,
    "total_message_count": 499,
    "timeline": {
      "2020": 2,
      "2021": 14,
      "2022": 7,
      "2023": 5,
      "2024": 8,
      "2025": 9
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Standardizing Container Metadata and Date/Time Units",
      "Solid Glossary Project and RDF Definition Extraction",
      "Dynamic @base/ @prefix Directives in Turtle for Streaming",
      "Dispute over Solid Spec Vocabulary Design and Implementation PRs",
      "ActivityStreams Ontology and Inbox Standards",
      "RDF Vocabulary and Prefix Lookup Best Practices",
      "Conflict over Solid Vocab Pull Requests and CG Meeting Agenda",
      "Tooling and Repository Setup for Vocabulary Management",
      "Server Requirements for Valid RDF Graph Acceptance",
      "Defining SHACL Shapes and Ontology for Products and Services"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 1,
    "meta_title": "Shape Validation and Shex",
    "meta_summary": "This topic cluster revolves around shape validation in Solid, focusing on the use of ShEx and SHACL. Discussions cover standardization efforts, converting between the schema languages, implementation issues with blank nodes, and the potential of SHACL for defining normative data models. The need for active editors for key specifications and test suites for authorization are also highlighted.",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "SHACL",
      "Specification",
      "ShEx",
      "Blank Nodes",
      "Shape Validation",
      "Shex",
      "Data Interoperability",
      "Schema Language",
      "Data Validation",
      "Standardization"
    ],
    "group_count": 10,
    "total_message_count": 96,
    "timeline": {
      "2020": 1,
      "2021": 1,
      "2022": 1,
      "2024": 1,
      "2025": 6
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "SHACL Constraints and Internationalization (i18n)",
      "Standardization of Schema Languages in Interoperability Specs",
      "Debate on Using SHACL Shapes for Normative Data Model Specification",
      "N3 Patch Implementation Issues with Blank Nodes",
      "Scheduling STM for Shape Repositories and Tracking Prior Work",
      "Status of Shex and Shape Validation",
      "Tools and Limitations for Converting ShEx to SHACL",
      "Review of N-PATCH Specification regarding Blank Nodes",
      "Proposal for SAI Authorization Agent Refactoring and Test Suite",
      "Call for Active Editors for Key Solid Specifications"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 2,
    "meta_title": "HTTP Server Behavior and LDP",
    "meta_summary": "These discussions center on the nuances of HTTP server behavior within the Solid ecosystem, particularly regarding its relationship with the Linked Data Platform (LDP). Topics include server handling of PUT/POST requests, URI management (including slash semantics and redirects), specification interpretation, and defining minimum conformance. The conversations also touch upon practical considerations like CORS configurations, response codes, and potential improvements to the protocol.",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Solid Protocol",
      "PUT",
      "LDP",
      "CORS",
      "Containment Triples",
      "Containers",
      "Redirects",
      "Authorization",
      "POST",
      "Container"
    ],
    "group_count": 24,
    "total_message_count": 155,
    "timeline": {
      "2020": 1,
      "2021": 7,
      "2022": 6,
      "2024": 8,
      "2025": 2
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Defining Minimum Solid Conformance (Vanilla Servers) and POST Behavior",
      "Protocol Clarification on URI Slash Semantics and Redirects",
      "Server Handling of LDP Containment Triples on PUT",
      "Solid's Non-Normative Relationship with LDP",
      "Debate on Solid Protocol's Dependency on LDP and LWS WG Scope",
      "PUT Requests and Container Containment Modification",
      "Defining HTTPS Redirection Status Codes",
      "Server Redirection and Spec Normativity (MAY vs MUST)",
      "Request for LWS Support of 303 Redirects for Cool URIs",
      "PUT/POST Semantics and URI Allocation Consistency"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 3,
    "meta_title": "Solid Specification Maturity and Roadmap",
    "meta_summary": "The conversation groups center around the development and maturation of the Solid specifications, encompassing discussions about timelines, roadmap prioritization, and transitioning to W3C standards. Key areas of focus include specification documentation, architecture, implementation examples, pull request reviews, and the formalization of architectural decisions, all aimed at clarifying conformance and ensuring specification quality. The groups also address related topics like tooling, protocol versioning, dependency management, and the overall strategy for Solid's adoption and evolution as a protocol.",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Specification",
      "Solid Specification",
      "Pull Request",
      "Roadmap",
      "Solid Protocol",
      "WAC",
      "Protocol",
      "W3C",
      "WG Charter",
      "Solid CG"
    ],
    "group_count": 71,
    "total_message_count": 467,
    "timeline": {
      "2020": 1,
      "2021": 17,
      "2022": 8,
      "2023": 13,
      "2024": 22,
      "2025": 10
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "TPAC Video Preparation and Submission Coordination",
      "Defining Solid Specification Process and Requirements for Convergence",
      "Defining Specification Audience using ESCO vs. DX",
      "Solidproject.org Content and Group Dynamics",
      "Specification Development Methodology and Implementation Intent",
      "Discussion on Solid Roadmap, Error Handling, and Constraint Discovery",
      "Specification Tooling and Document Architecture",
      "Review and Critique of Draft Solid Explainer Videos",
      "Uncategorized Solid Updates and Technical Queries",
      "Publication of Solid Protocol 0.9.0 and Forum Announcement"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 4,
    "meta_title": "Content Negotiation and Representations",
    "meta_summary": "These discussions revolve around content negotiation in Solid, focusing on HTTP headers (Accept, Content-Type, ETag), resource representations (RDF, JSON-LD, Turtle), and appropriate HTTP status codes for various scenarios. Participants debate best practices for serving different mime types, handling binary resources, standardizing checksums, and documenting specifications, while also considering caching, conditional requests, and the use of RDFa.",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Content Negotiation",
      "JSON-LD",
      "HTTP",
      "Solid Protocol",
      "RDFa",
      "RDF",
      "ETag",
      "Accept Header",
      "Turtle",
      "Server Behavior"
    ],
    "group_count": 15,
    "total_message_count": 190,
    "timeline": {
      "2020": 1,
      "2021": 4,
      "2022": 2,
      "2023": 3,
      "2024": 2,
      "2025": 3
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Request and Discussion regarding Checksums and HTTP ETag Usage in Solid",
      "Deep Dive on Resource Identification, Content Negotiation, and HTTP Status Codes",
      "Resource Representation, Redirection, and Document Terminology",
      "Conditional HTTP Requests and Content Negotiation Caching",
      "Required Data Formats in Solid Protocol",
      "Debate on Specification Metadata, RDFa, and Catalog Implementation",
      "Debate on Specification Serialization, RDFa, and Project Fragmentation",
      "HTTP Header Usage and RDF Representation Negotiation",
      "Content Negotiation for Accept */*",
      "RDF Representations for Non-RDF Sources"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 5,
    "meta_title": "Solid-OIDC Authentication and Security",
    "meta_summary": "The topic cluster explores various aspects of Solid-OIDC authentication and security, including implementation challenges, security reviews, and proposals for improvement. Key areas of focus include streamlining user onboarding, bot authentication, WebID profile verification, and the adoption of security best practices like RFC 9207 and PKCE, as well as exploring alternative authentication methods and addressing the lack of open-source implementations. The conversations aim to standardize and secure Solid-OIDC, ensuring a robust and user-friendly authentication experience within the Solid ecosystem.",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Authentication",
      "Solid-OIDC",
      "Solid OIDC",
      "OIDC",
      "WebID",
      "DPoP",
      "PKCE",
      "Specification",
      "WebID-TLS",
      "FedCM"
    ],
    "group_count": 47,
    "total_message_count": 559,
    "timeline": {
      "2020": 1,
      "2021": 11,
      "2022": 10,
      "2023": 12,
      "2024": 7,
      "2025": 6
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Debugging Non-Browser (Bot) Authentication via Solid-OIDC on Trinpod",
      "WebID, OIDC Issuers, and Federated Trust Model",
      "Standardization of Identity Provider Metadata Retrieval",
      "Streamlining User Onboarding via IDP Registration Flow",
      "Review of Solid OIDC Security: Adopting RFC 9207 and Retaining PKCE",
      "Solid OIDC Implementation and Security for Dokieli",
      "Solid-OIDC UMA Authorization Flow and ACL Checking",
      "DPoP Binding and Solid-OIDC Authentication Flow",
      "Fetch API Credentials Usage in Solid-OIDC",
      "Analysis of HTTP Signature and Unprompted Authentication"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 6,
    "meta_title": "Authorization and Access Control",
    "meta_summary": "This topic cluster focuses on authorization and access control mechanisms within the Solid ecosystem, primarily centered around Web Access Control (WAC) but also including discussions of Access Control Policies (ACP) and Solid Access Interoperability (SAI). The conversations cover a wide array of subjects including WAC specification details, implementation challenges, security concerns, comparisons to other authorization models, and proposals for extensions and improvements to better manage access to resources in Solid Pods.",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "WAC",
      "ACL",
      "Authorization",
      "Access Control",
      "ACP",
      "Inheritance",
      "TrinPod",
      "STM",
      "SAI",
      "Access Modes"
    ],
    "group_count": 86,
    "total_message_count": 1198,
    "timeline": {
      "2020": 1,
      "2021": 25,
      "2022": 9,
      "2023": 14,
      "2024": 19,
      "2025": 18
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "WAC Agent-Aware Traversal vs. ACL Copying",
      "Debate on WAC ACL Hierarchy and User Intent",
      "WAC Inheritance Flaw and Container Semantics",
      "Debate over WAC Security and Inrupt Implementation Stance",
      "WAC Group Management and Nesting",
      "Triple-Level Permissions in TrinPod (WebID Access Control)",
      "Defining \"Owner\" Control in WAC to prevent Pod lockout",
      "WAC Implementation Challenges with PUT and Content Negotiation",
      "Authorization Standards, Scoping, and Consent Management Architecture",
      "Clarifying acl:Origin Semantics and Client Authorization in Solid"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 7,
    "meta_title": "Data Interoperability Specification",
    "meta_summary": "These groups focus on defining and standardizing data interoperability within the Solid ecosystem, covering specifications, ontologies, and best practices for data discovery, storage management, and access control.  Discussions include integrating Solid with other technologies, refining terminology, and addressing governance and maintenance of related projects, with a strong emphasis on application interoperability and practical implementations.",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Interoperability",
      "Data Interoperability",
      "RDF",
      "C2C",
      "Authorization",
      "Authorization Agent",
      "Interop",
      "Shape Trees",
      "SHACL",
      "Type Indexes"
    ],
    "group_count": 26,
    "total_message_count": 438,
    "timeline": {
      "2020": 1,
      "2021": 7,
      "2022": 2,
      "2023": 1,
      "2024": 6,
      "2025": 9
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Debate on Defining and Renaming Client-to-Client (C2C) Terminology",
      "App Data Storage Management and Interoperability",
      "Defining Client-to-Client (C2C) Interoperability Specifications",
      "Data Interoperability Specification and Access Grants",
      "Catalog and Specification Data Modeling",
      "Review and Critique of Solid Address Book/Contacts Conventions",
      "Discussion on Ontology API and Non-Native URI Retrieval",
      "Enforcing Authorization Agent Policy Exclusivity",
      "Discussion on Solid Specification Issue #227 and Container Descriptions",
      "Discussion on Data Patterns, TrinPod, and RESTful Data Formats"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 8,
    "meta_title": "Resource Typing and LDP Interaction",
    "meta_summary": "These groups focus on clarifying and refining the Solid protocol's handling of resources and containers, especially regarding its relationship with the Linked Data Platform (LDP). Discussions include defining resource types, managing container lifecycles, addressing challenges with RDF merging and deletion, and standardizing the interaction between clients and servers in managing metadata. A key theme revolves around resolving ambiguities in the specification to improve interoperability and developer experience.",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "LDP",
      "Solid Protocol",
      "Container",
      "Specification",
      "Content-Type",
      "Access Control",
      "Description Resource",
      "PUT",
      "HATEOAS",
      "POST"
    ],
    "group_count": 25,
    "total_message_count": 294,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 11,
      "2022": 2,
      "2023": 8,
      "2024": 2,
      "2025": 2
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Standardizing Handling of Client-Managed Container Triples and Description Resources",
      "Defining Representations for Solid Containers (Issue 525)",
      "Distinguishing Solid Resource Types (RDF, Container, Non-RDF)",
      "Clarification on Solid Protocol Container Deletion",
      "Debate on Solid's Underlying Model (Files vs. Triples)",
      "Role of Description Resources and Resource Mutability",
      "Solid's Relationship to Linked Data Platform (LDP)",
      "Data Modeling Challenges for External References",
      "Storage Discovery and Ownership in Solid Protocol",
      "Storing Custom RDF Data in LDP Containers"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 9,
    "meta_title": "WebID and Decentralized Identifiers",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 38 conversation groups about webid and decentralized identifiers",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "WebID",
      "WebID Profile",
      "DID",
      "Specification",
      "Solid Protocol",
      "Storage Discovery",
      "solid:oidcIssuer",
      "Authentication",
      "303 Redirect",
      "Solid Profile"
    ],
    "group_count": 38,
    "total_message_count": 903,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 13,
      "2022": 17,
      "2023": 2,
      "2024": 4,
      "2025": 2
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Reliable Storage Discovery for Solid Applications and UX Implications",
      "Solid Storage Discovery Mechanisms and Specification Interpretation",
      "Debate over WebID Profile Structure and Profile Discovery Complexity",
      "Debate on WebID Profile Architecture, Editability, and the 'Second Hop'",
      "Separation of WebID and Solid Profile Documents",
      "WebID Profile: Scope and Separation of Technical vs. Social Data",
      "Defining Solid Profile Document Discovery",
      "Discovery of Pod Storage Root from WebID",
      "Storage Discovery Mechanism Debate",
      "Managing Contextual Identities: Single WebID vs. Multiple WebIDs"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 10,
    "meta_title": "Community Group Meeting Logistics",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 154 conversation groups about community group meeting logistics",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "CG Meeting",
      "Agenda",
      "Logistics",
      "STM",
      "Minutes",
      "Meeting Minutes",
      "Scheduling",
      "Meeting Logistics",
      "W3C",
      "Solid CG"
    ],
    "group_count": 154,
    "total_message_count": 1604,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 14,
      "2022": 12,
      "2023": 37,
      "2024": 69,
      "2025": 22
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Solid CG Chair Election Procedures, Dates, and W3C API Tooling",
      "Clarifying Candidate Eligibility and Official Election Announcement",
      "Solid CG Meetings, Logistics, and Chair Roles Conflict",
      "Debate on Review and Timeliness of Publishing Affiliation Voter Data",
      "Solid CG Election Results Verification and Process",
      "Defining Eligible Voters and Selection Criteria for CG Election",
      "Improving Meeting Minutes and Scribing Processes",
      "Coordination of Solid CG Chair Election 2023",
      "CG Meeting Agenda Management and TPAC Planning",
      "Solid CG Scribing, Privacy, and Meeting Tools Debate"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 11,
    "meta_title": "Solid Pod Structure and Storage",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 11 conversation groups about solid pod structure and storage",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "WebID",
      "Access Control",
      "Pod Structure",
      "POSIX",
      "Windows",
      "Data Ownership",
      "ActivityPub",
      "FOLLOW",
      "Group Pod",
      "Provisioning"
    ],
    "group_count": 11,
    "total_message_count": 148,
    "timeline": {
      "2020": 1,
      "2021": 5,
      "2022": 3,
      "2024": 2
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Standardizing Application Data Storage Location",
      "Comparison of Solid Server Internal Storage Abstraction",
      "Storage Discovery and Data Pod Interaction Mechanics",
      "Trinpod Implementation of Multi-Pod Architecture and Ownership",
      "Data Model Versioning in Decentralized Storage",
      "Updating Solid Pod Provider List",
      "Implementing Custom Domains for Storage Pods",
      "Discussion of Group Pod provisioning use case",
      "Miscellaneous Unrelated Queries",
      "Apps Container Authentication Requirement"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 12,
    "meta_title": "Query Mechanisms and Scalability",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 15 conversation groups about query mechanisms and scalability",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "SPARQL",
      "Linked Data Fragments",
      "Querying",
      "Indexing",
      "Comunica",
      "Apache Solr",
      "Scalability",
      "Search API",
      "LDF",
      "RDF"
    ],
    "group_count": 15,
    "total_message_count": 371,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 1,
      "2022": 3,
      "2023": 3,
      "2024": 4,
      "2025": 4
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Cross-Namespace Resource Retrieval in Pods",
      "Multi-Resource Querying and Indexing Strategies",
      "Solid Search API Proposal and SPARQL Debate",
      "NextGraph Introduction, Performance, and CRDT Data Model",
      "Local Querying of Triples about External URIs",
      "Comparison of SPARQL vs Apache Solr for Solid Search and Indexing",
      "Debate on Supporting Multiple Query Mechanisms",
      "RDF, SPARQL, and Triplestore Scalability",
      "Querying Strategies and Scalability",
      "Brainstorming a Solid Search API Implementation"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 13,
    "meta_title": "Notifications and Web Push Protocol",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 31 conversation groups about notifications and web push protocol",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Solid Notifications",
      "STM",
      "Scheduling",
      "Notifications Protocol",
      "Notifications",
      "PREP",
      "Notifications Panel",
      "LDN",
      "Implementation",
      "CSS"
    ],
    "group_count": 31,
    "total_message_count": 233,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 3,
      "2022": 4,
      "2023": 6,
      "2024": 17,
      "2025": 1
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "TrinPod Event API vs Solid Notifications/PREP",
      "PREP Notifications Implementation and Technical Debugging",
      "Solid Notifications Protocol Status and Implementation Advice",
      "Debate on Solid Architectural Representation and LDN Relevance",
      "Solid Notifications Special Topic Meeting Planning",
      "Solid Notifications STM Session (Mar 12)",
      "Practitioners Meeting Scheduling: Solid Notifications",
      "WebSocket Limits and Notification Scaling Challenges",
      "Introduction and Incubation Discussion for the Per Resource Events Protocol",
      "Solid Notifications Protocol: WebSockets vs. Streaming HTTP"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 14,
    "meta_title": "Error Handling and Constraints",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 4 conversation groups about error handling and constraints",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "HTTP Status Codes",
      "PATCH",
      "501",
      "405",
      "HTTP Methods",
      "Protocol Compliance",
      "Solid Protocol 0.10",
      "Constraints",
      "Problem Details",
      "Storage Owner"
    ],
    "group_count": 4,
    "total_message_count": 51,
    "timeline": {
      "2022": 1,
      "2023": 1,
      "2024": 2
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Debugging Solid Test Case Failure (PATCH 200 vs 201) in Node Solid Server Context",
      "Solid Protocol Constraints and Error Details",
      "HTTP Error Codes for Unsupported Methods",
      "Solid Protocol PATCH Status Code Clarification"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 15,
    "meta_title": "Permanent Identifiers and URIs",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 3 conversation groups about permanent identifiers and uris",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "URI Persistence",
      "Specification",
      "TR",
      "Compliance",
      "Editor's Draft",
      "Base URI",
      "RFC 3986",
      "Fetch API",
      "baseIRI",
      "Redirects"
    ],
    "group_count": 3,
    "total_message_count": 39,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 2,
      "2022": 1
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "PDS Interop Solid Storage Link Metadata Specification",
      "Solid Specification URI Persistence and Reliability",
      "Establishing Base URI from Retrieval URL (RFC 3986)"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 16,
    "meta_title": "Auxiliary Resources and Linking",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 4 conversation groups about auxiliary resources and linking",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Auxiliary Resources",
      "Auxiliary Resource",
      "Terminology",
      "Resource Access",
      "Protocol Specification",
      "GitHub Labels",
      "Archive Links",
      ".meta extension",
      "Link Header",
      "Solid Storage Specification"
    ],
    "group_count": 4,
    "total_message_count": 21,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 2,
      "2022": 2
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Solid Storage Spec Feedback on Auxiliary Resources",
      "Auxiliary Resource Chaining and Core Terminology",
      "Review of \"auxiliary resources\" label and concept",
      "Archival Links and Auxiliary Resources"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 17,
    "meta_title": "Data Portability and Pod Downloads",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 3 conversation groups about data portability and pod downloads",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Canonicalization",
      "urda2015",
      "Use Cases",
      "Pod Scenarios",
      "Pod Download",
      "Data Portability",
      "Pod Export",
      "N-Quads",
      "RDF",
      "Container Resource"
    ],
    "group_count": 3,
    "total_message_count": 11,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 2,
      "2024": 1
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Solid Pod Export Format Standard Discussion",
      "Discussion on canonicalization methods and potential use cases",
      "Discussing Methods for Full Pod Download"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 18,
    "meta_title": "Solid Implementer Experience and QA",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 34 conversation groups about solid implementer experience and qa",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Dokieli",
      "WAC",
      "Implementation",
      "Conformance",
      "Solid QA",
      "CSS",
      "Solid Specification",
      "RDFa",
      "Test Suite",
      "Implementer Feedback"
    ],
    "group_count": 34,
    "total_message_count": 241,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 7,
      "2022": 8,
      "2023": 6,
      "2024": 8,
      "2025": 5
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Debate on Requirements and Scope for a Usable End-to-End Solid Demo",
      "Curation and Conformance Testing for Solid Libraries (DX)",
      "Feedback and Bug Reporting on Solidproject.org Redesign Staging Site",
      "Solid QA System and Implementation Reporting Strategy",
      "Humor and the P vs NP Problem",
      "Solid Implementer Feedback Session Logistics",
      "Dokieli Application Demonstrating Specification Conformance and Test Coverage",
      "Implementation Query Redirection and Chat Guidelines",
      "Automating Deployment to Solid Pods via GitHub Actions",
      "Identifying AI Spam and Handling Large Files in Java Libraries"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 19,
    "meta_title": "TrinPod Implementation and Testing",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 6 conversation groups about trinpod implementation and testing",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "TrinPod",
      "WebID",
      "Ontology",
      "303 Redirect",
      "RDF/XML",
      "Compliance",
      "Linked Data Hypergraph (LDH)",
      "Path URIs",
      "Permanent URIs",
      "Architecture"
    ],
    "group_count": 6,
    "total_message_count": 165,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 2,
      "2022": 1,
      "2023": 3
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "TrinPod WebID Design and RDF/Ontology Compliance Fixes",
      "Architectural Debate: Systems Hierarchy vs. Decentralization",
      "Trinpod Data Model, WebID Retrieval, and Fine-Grained Permissions",
      "TrinPod Systems Ontology and Container Handling",
      "TrinPod Scalability and Performance Metrics",
      "TrinPod Linked Data Hypergraph Architecture Presentation"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 20,
    "meta_title": "Application Security and Trusted Apps",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 19 conversation groups about application security and trusted apps",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Security",
      "Trusted App",
      "OAuth",
      "STM",
      "HTML",
      "Security Considerations",
      "Trust Model",
      "App Security",
      "Data Access",
      "Permissions"
    ],
    "group_count": 19,
    "total_message_count": 126,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 3,
      "2022": 3,
      "2023": 1,
      "2024": 7,
      "2025": 5
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Specifying Trusted App Authorization Redirects",
      "Security Risks of Pod Browsers and Need for Authorization Redirect",
      "Handling Malicious IP Requests and HTTP Response Codes",
      "Same-Origin Security Implications of HTML/JS on Solid Pods",
      "Solid Trust Model and App Security Limitations",
      "App Security and Authorization Mechanisms",
      "Security Best Practices Document Naming Change",
      "Security Considerations on HTML Authentication",
      "Planning Collaboration for SoSy 2026 Session on Application Authorization",
      "Client Architecture and Security"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 21,
    "meta_title": "PATCH vs SPARQL Updates Debate",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 12 conversation groups about patch vs sparql updates debate",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "PATCH",
      "SPARQL Update",
      "N3 Patch",
      "Solid Protocol",
      "N3",
      "Solid Specification",
      "WAC",
      "SPARQL",
      "NSS",
      "Resource Creation"
    ],
    "group_count": 12,
    "total_message_count": 211,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 3,
      "2022": 2,
      "2023": 4,
      "2024": 1,
      "2025": 2
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Solid Protocol Guarantees Regarding Relative IRIs and RDF Serialization",
      "PATCH Standardization and Conformance Reporting",
      "N3 Patch, SPARQL Update, and Blank Node Handling in Solid Protocol",
      "Security and Permissions for SPARQL Update (PATCH)",
      "Clarifying SPARQL Update Status in Solid Specifications",
      "Discussion and Clarification of N3 Patch usage in Solid Protocol (PR 608)",
      "Clarification on RDF PATCH and Resource Creation",
      "Patching Mechanisms: SPARQL Update vs N3 Patch",
      "Deciding on PATCH implementation for testing (N3 vs SPARQL)",
      "N3 Patch Format Proposal for Solid Updates"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 22,
    "meta_title": "Verifiable Credentials Standards & Integration",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 8 conversation groups about verifiable credentials standards & integration",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Verifiable Credentials",
      "Linked Data Signatures",
      "W3C",
      "Signature",
      "JSON-LD",
      "WG",
      "Solid CG",
      "VC Panel",
      "LDN",
      "Canonicalization"
    ],
    "group_count": 8,
    "total_message_count": 102,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 5,
      "2023": 2,
      "2025": 1
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Verifiable Credentials (VC) Logical Inconsistency and RDF Semantics",
      "Solid and Verifiable Credentials Integration and Panel Proposal",
      "Issues with Verifiable Credentials Data Model N3 Mapping",
      "Verifiable Credentials Signature and Structure",
      "Solid CG Support for Linked Data Signatures WG",
      "Updates on Linked Data Signatures and DID methods",
      "Credentials CG Call Announcement",
      "Proposal for a session on Solid-related VC use cases"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 23,
    "meta_title": "Community Dynamics and Code of Conduct",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 27 conversation groups about community dynamics and code of conduct",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Code of Conduct",
      "Community",
      "Communication",
      "Henry Story",
      "Process Improvement",
      "orphaned",
      "miscellaneous",
      "Ombuds",
      "Twitter",
      "External Link"
    ],
    "group_count": 27,
    "total_message_count": 176,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 2,
      "2022": 3,
      "2023": 5,
      "2024": 13,
      "2025": 4
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Debate on Inclusive Language, 'Guys', and Solid Code of Conduct Enforcement",
      "Improving the Solid CG Meeting Minutes Publishing Process",
      "Disagreement on Container Description Management and Subsequent Tone Intervention",
      "Debate on Unilateral Closing of GitHub Issues",
      "Coordination of TPAC Video Release and Social Media Promotion",
      "Solid CG Group Dynamics and Conduct Dispute",
      "Passing of Henry Story (bblfish)",
      "Standalone Links and General Chatter",
      "Planning a Special Topic Meeting on Solid Community Group Dynamics",
      "Formalizing Solid Community and FOSS Security Risks"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 24,
    "meta_title": "GitHub Management and Workflow",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 33 conversation groups about github management and workflow",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "GitHub",
      "Pull Request",
      "Specification",
      "Documentation",
      "Branch Naming",
      "Repository Management",
      "Review",
      "PR",
      "GitHub Issue",
      "Repository Migration"
    ],
    "group_count": 33,
    "total_message_count": 263,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 4,
      "2022": 6,
      "2023": 7,
      "2024": 13,
      "2025": 3
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Transfer of Solid-PREP Repository to Solid Organization",
      "Guidance on Using GitHub PR Review Suggestions for Meeting Minutes",
      "CG Meeting Minutes PR Management",
      "solid/security-bp Repository Initialization",
      "General Announcements and Links",
      "GitHub Issue Tracker Moderation",
      "Archiving the solid-spec Repository",
      "HackMD Team Membership Management",
      "Improving CG Minutes Commit History using Squash Merges",
      "Repository Transfer to Solid Organization"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 25,
    "meta_title": "Resource Movement and URI Persistence",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 6 conversation groups about resource movement and uri persistence",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "URI Persistence",
      "TrinPod",
      "HTTP Redirects",
      "URI Path",
      "LDP Containment",
      "Permanent Identifiers (PIDs)",
      "ws:Storage",
      "ldp:Resource",
      "URI Permanence",
      "Hierarchical Paths"
    ],
    "group_count": 6,
    "total_message_count": 79,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 3,
      "2022": 1,
      "2025": 2
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Permanent Resource URIs vs. Dynamic Path URIs in LDP Containment",
      "Data Organization: Hierarchical URIs vs. Permanent URIs and Metadata",
      "URI Handling, HTTP Redirects, and Fragment Identifiers in Solid",
      "Maintaining URI Persistence When Moving Resources",
      "Proposal for Link Forwarding via Solid Migrator",
      "TrinPod's Permanent URI Strategy for Resource Paths"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 26,
    "meta_title": "Solid Tooling and Libraries",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 20 conversation groups about solid tooling and libraries",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "RDF",
      "RDFa",
      "dokieli",
      "Visualization",
      "GitHub",
      "Interoperability",
      "Turtle",
      "File Viewing",
      "Pod",
      "Solid ACL Tool"
    ],
    "group_count": 20,
    "total_message_count": 140,
    "timeline": {
      "2020": 1,
      "2021": 4,
      "2022": 1,
      "2023": 4,
      "2024": 8,
      "2025": 2
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Solid Graph Visualization Tools and Features",
      "Creating a Solid Project Repository List and Defining Software Vocabularies",
      "Troubleshooting Mashlib Access on Trinpod",
      "Miscellaneous Technical References and Social Exchanges",
      "Launch of Solid Practitioners Group and Link Formatting Discussion",
      "Miscellaneous Technical and Informational Updates",
      "Resolving meet.jit.si Authentication Issues",
      "RDF File Viewing Tools",
      "Technical Links and External Solid Context",
      "Redirecting Request for Help with Inrupt ACL Tool"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 27,
    "meta_title": "Handling Non-RDF Resources and Media",
    "meta_summary": "The discussion focuses on best practices for handling Non-RDF Sources (media files) in Solid, including how to model multiple encodings/variants, authenticated fetching using blobs, and choosing a predicate like `nfo:fileName` for suggested filenames.",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Non-RDF Sources",
      "Media Handling",
      "Authentication",
      "Blobs",
      "nfo:fileName"
    ],
    "group_count": 1,
    "total_message_count": 3,
    "timeline": {
      "2023": 1
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Handling Media and Non-RDF Resources"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 28,
    "meta_title": "Solid Server Deployment and Hosting",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 11 conversation groups about solid server deployment and hosting",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Rust",
      "Solid Server",
      "Implementation",
      "Server Implementation",
      "Specification",
      "Server",
      "Hardware",
      "Geek",
      "Subdomains",
      "Wildcard Certs"
    ],
    "group_count": 11,
    "total_message_count": 86,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 4,
      "2022": 1,
      "2023": 4,
      "2024": 1,
      "2025": 1
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Implementing a Solid Server and Finding Concise Requirements",
      "Domain Structure and Provisioning Complexity",
      "Returning Developer Praises Spec and Plans Rust Server Implementation",
      "Rust Solid Server Development and Funding Request",
      "Server Deployment: Reverse Proxy Recommendations",
      "Pod Provider Longevity and Trust",
      "Miscellaneous Hardware Chatter",
      "Supporting User-Supplied Domain Names for Pods",
      "Solidcommunity.net CSS Fork Governance",
      "Pivot Server Development Component Update"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 29,
    "meta_title": "Data Discovery Strategies and Indexes",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 10 conversation groups about data discovery strategies and indexes",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Data Discovery",
      "Type Index",
      "Data Registration",
      "Interoperability Panel",
      "PoLP",
      "Discovery Section",
      "Specification",
      "Compatibility",
      "Implementation",
      "Pods"
    ],
    "group_count": 10,
    "total_message_count": 210,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 3,
      "2022": 1,
      "2023": 3,
      "2024": 1,
      "2025": 2
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Search and Service Endpoint Discovery Standardization",
      "Debate on Standardized Server-Side Search vs. Client-Side Indexing for Big Data",
      "Data Discovery, HATEOAS vs. Dedicated Search APIs",
      "Comparison of Type Indexes and Data Registration for Discovery",
      "Data Discovery via Indexes vs. Profiles and Fine-Grained Authorization",
      "Data Discoverability and Storage Organization Mechanisms",
      "Proposal for Search Functionality as a New Solid Work Item",
      "Concern over Discovery Spec Incompatibility",
      "Search Spec Inquiry",
      "New Repository for Solid Contacts"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 30,
    "meta_title": "Pod Ownership and Terminology",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 7 conversation groups about pod ownership and terminology",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Storage",
      "WebID",
      "Solid Pod",
      "Terminology",
      "pim:Storage",
      "Pod Ownership",
      "ACP",
      "WAC",
      "Namespace",
      "Controller"
    ],
    "group_count": 7,
    "total_message_count": 232,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 5,
      "2022": 2
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Defining Solid Pod, Agent, and Storage Terminology",
      "Defining Solid Storage Ownership and Permissions",
      "Standardizing Pod Ownership Terminology",
      "Corporate Control over Pod Storage and User Data Ownership",
      "Relationship Between WebID Document Location and Storage Ownership",
      "Defining Pod, Storage, and pim:storage Claims",
      "Clarification of \"Data Pod\" and pim:Storage Terminology"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 31,
    "meta_title": "RDF Modeling Best Practices",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 6 conversation groups about rdf modeling best practices",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "RDF Modeling",
      "schema:step",
      "rdf:List",
      "Domain/Range",
      "Validation",
      "RDF List",
      "schema:rangeIncludes",
      "Inference",
      "Linked Data",
      "sameAs"
    ],
    "group_count": 6,
    "total_message_count": 139,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 3,
      "2022": 3
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Advanced RDF Data Modeling: Lists, Schema.org, and Validation",
      "Standardization and Usage of vcard:WebId in WebID Profiles",
      "Solid Resource Modeling: Client vs. Server Managed Statements",
      "Linked Data Profile Traversal and App Requirements",
      "RDF Graph vs. File Management in Solid",
      "RDF List and Schema Inference"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 32,
    "meta_title": "Matrix and Chat Platform Issues",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 43 conversation groups about matrix and chat platform issues",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "miscellaneous",
      "orphaned",
      "Matrix",
      "Gitter",
      "Element",
      "Decryption",
      "Miscellaneous",
      "Migration",
      "Chat",
      "Decryption Error"
    ],
    "group_count": 43,
    "total_message_count": 208,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 6,
      "2022": 7,
      "2023": 15,
      "2024": 12,
      "2025": 3
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Solid Channel Permissions and Archiving",
      "Coordination, Announcements, and Chat Tool Feedback",
      "Administrative and Standalone Topics",
      "Matrix/Element Communication Issues",
      "Transitioning Community Chat from Gitter to Matrix",
      "Miscellaneous Status Updates and Link Shares",
      "Miscellaneous Links and Feedback",
      "Bitcoin API Testing in the Wrong Chat Room",
      "Confusion over Gitter/Matrix Chat Channels",
      "Humorous Exchange on Typing Errors in Cinny"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 33,
    "meta_title": "W3C Process and Governance",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 38 conversation groups about w3c process and governance",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "W3C",
      "WG Charter",
      "Licensing",
      "CG Charter",
      "W3C Process",
      "Charter",
      "W3C CLA",
      "Governance",
      "governance",
      "Process"
    ],
    "group_count": 38,
    "total_message_count": 195,
    "timeline": {
      "2022": 4,
      "2023": 17,
      "2024": 14,
      "2025": 3
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "CG Governance Issues and Unauthorized Repository Transfers",
      "Solid Governance and Process Updates: Charters, TPAC, and GitHub Discussions",
      "Discussion on Solid CG Meeting Procedures, Agenda, and Minutes",
      "Proposals for Semantic Versioning and Requirements Management",
      "Solid Protocol Copyright and Licensing Ambiguity",
      "W3C Meeting Process and Documentation Standards",
      "Guidance on W3C Spec Derivation and spec:statement Usage",
      "Documentation and Discussion Setup for CG Procedures",
      "WG Codename Banter ('PUMPKIN')",
      "Dispute Over License Compliance in Solid Notifications Specification"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 34,
    "meta_title": "Ecosystem Monitor and Data Quality",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 7 conversation groups about ecosystem monitor and data quality",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Ecosystem Monitor",
      "Data Quality",
      "RDF",
      "CG Data Analysis",
      "GitHub Actions",
      "Client Credentials",
      "Mermaid",
      "Spelling Consistency",
      "Dashboard Sorting",
      "W3C Accounts"
    ],
    "group_count": 7,
    "total_message_count": 89,
    "timeline": {
      "2023": 2,
      "2024": 5
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Ecosystem Coordination, Website Content, and Handling Breaking Changes",
      "Development and Deployment of CG Activity Monitor",
      "Coordination and Strategy for the Solid Efforts Catalog",
      "Data Sourcing Philosophy and Application Prototyping",
      "Improving Ecosystem Monitor Data Quality",
      "Solid Ecosystem Monitor Repository Transfer",
      "Announcement of Solid Catalog Repository"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 35,
    "meta_title": "Client-to-Client Interoperability Specifications",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 13 conversation groups about client-to-client interoperability specifications",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Interoperability",
      "ERP",
      "C2C",
      "Specification",
      "Cross-Pod",
      "Query Parameters",
      "Secure Fetch",
      "Iframe",
      "Data Browser",
      "Client Interop"
    ],
    "group_count": 13,
    "total_message_count": 77,
    "timeline": {
      "2023": 6,
      "2024": 5,
      "2025": 2
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Requirements for Collaborative Text Editing in Solid",
      "Standardizing Proxy Use in Solid Applications",
      "Defining Domains for Client-Client Interoperability",
      "Client-Client STM and ShapeTrees Follow-up",
      "Adding Solid ERP Client-to-Client Specification as a Work Item",
      "Client2Client Shapes and Data Interoperability",
      "Strategy for App Interoperability Specification Development",
      "Secure Data Fetching and Proposed Query Parameters for Cross-Pod Interaction",
      "Defining Scope for Domain-Specific Interop Models in Solid Specs",
      "New Work Item and Data Shape Validation Discussion"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 36,
    "meta_title": "End-to-End Encryption Considerations",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 3 conversation groups about end-to-end encryption considerations",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "E2EE",
      "Authorization",
      "Cryptographic Capabilities",
      "WAC",
      "ACP",
      "STM",
      "Solid Community AU",
      "Scheduling",
      "Postponement",
      "Matrix"
    ],
    "group_count": 3,
    "total_message_count": 11,
    "timeline": {
      "2024": 3
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Planning and Postponement of Solid Community AU STM on E2EE",
      "NextGraph E2EE Implementation and Authorization Mapping",
      "Invitation to Solid E2EE Matrix Room"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 37,
    "meta_title": "Scalability Solutions and Techniques",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 7 conversation groups about scalability solutions and techniques",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "CRDT",
      "Scalability",
      "Braid",
      "TREE",
      "Container Representation",
      "Authorization Check",
      "Paging",
      "SPARQL Query",
      "Blockchain",
      "CRDTs"
    ],
    "group_count": 7,
    "total_message_count": 134,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 2,
      "2024": 5
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Container Paging Solution Proposal and Discussion",
      "Scaling Container Representation and Data Discovery",
      "Solid Integration with Decentralized Technologies",
      "Discussion on TREE, LDES, and CRDT for Scalability",
      "Organizing the Special Topic Meeting on CRDTs",
      "Planning CRDT Special Topic Meeting",
      "CRDT and Data Synchronization Research"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 38,
    "meta_title": "Healthcare and FHIR Integration",
    "meta_summary": "The discussion confirmed interest in mapping Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources (FHIR) to Solid Pods, reviewed existing projects (Dutch work, NHS, Vito), and proposed methods for coordinating future work.",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "FHIR",
      "Healthcare",
      "DICOM",
      "RDF",
      "Solid Pods"
    ],
    "group_count": 1,
    "total_message_count": 7,
    "timeline": {
      "2024": 1
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Coordination of FHIR and Solid Healthcare Initiatives"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 39,
    "meta_title": "ActivityPub and Fediverse Adoption",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 7 conversation groups about activitypub and fediverse adoption",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "ActivityPub",
      "Fediverse",
      "Solid",
      "CSS",
      "Decentralization",
      "Federation",
      "Outbox",
      "Inbox",
      "Permissions",
      "Notifications"
    ],
    "group_count": 7,
    "total_message_count": 33,
    "timeline": {
      "2022": 2,
      "2023": 2,
      "2024": 3
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "ActivityPub Adoption and Implementation Concerns",
      "Exploring ActivityPub Implementation in Solid and Addressing Decentralization Challenges",
      "Solid and ActivityPub for Decentralized Data Exchange",
      "Unrelated Informational Links",
      "FediForum and ActivityPods Announcement",
      "Discussion on Solid and Event-Driven Architectures",
      "ActivityPub and Fediverse Adoption News"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 40,
    "meta_title": "Data Replication and Immutability",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 2 conversation groups about data replication and immutability",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "URI Structure",
      "LDES",
      "Hypermedia",
      "Portability",
      "Containers",
      "Data Replication",
      "Immutability",
      "Temporal State",
      "ACID",
      "TrinPod"
    ],
    "group_count": 2,
    "total_message_count": 11,
    "timeline": {
      "2025": 2
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Discussion on Data Replication, Immutability, and Temporal State",
      "URI Structure, Portability, and LDES"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 41,
    "meta_title": "FedCM and Identity Management",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 5 conversation groups about fedcm and identity management",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "FedCM",
      "WebID",
      "Pivot",
      "Demo",
      "CG Meeting",
      "OIDC",
      "Solid-OIDC",
      "Identity",
      "Interoperability",
      "UX"
    ],
    "group_count": 5,
    "total_message_count": 29,
    "timeline": {
      "2024": 4,
      "2025": 1
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Implementing FedCM for Solid OIDC Authorization",
      "Solid Login User Experience and FedCM",
      "Solid Participation in FedCM Identity Meetings",
      "Update on Solid-FedCM Implementation and Next Steps",
      "Proposal for FedCM Wildcard Feature Demo on CG Call"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 42,
    "meta_title": "Social CG and Joint Meetings",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 9 conversation groups about social cg and joint meetings",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Social CG",
      "Joint Meeting",
      "Solid CG",
      "Scheduling",
      "W3C Credentials CG",
      "Coordination",
      "Authentication",
      "Identity",
      "Credentials CG",
      "DID"
    ],
    "group_count": 9,
    "total_message_count": 65,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 2,
      "2023": 4,
      "2025": 3
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Joint Social CG Meeting Scheduling and Review",
      "Planning Joint Meeting with W3C Credentials CG",
      "Credentials CG Meeting Preparation",
      "Distribution of Dokieli Presentation Recording",
      "Status Updates and External Links",
      "Solid/Social CG Joint Meeting Date Poll",
      "Solid and Social CG Joint Meeting Scheduling and Agenda",
      "Announcement of Joint Solid CG and Social CG Meeting",
      "Solid Practitioners Meeting Announcement"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 43,
    "meta_title": "Bulk Upload and Compression",
    "meta_summary": "The discussion centered on proposing a Solid specification for bulk file uploads using compressed archives and Link headers to enable server-side decompression and preserve folder hierarchy, contrasting this with inefficient client-side file-by-file transfers and addressing challenges concerning auxiliary resources like ACLs.",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Bulk Upload",
      "Compression",
      "HTTP PUT",
      "Auxiliary Resources",
      "ACL",
      "Solid Specification",
      "Data Migration"
    ],
    "group_count": 1,
    "total_message_count": 60,
    "timeline": {
      "2022": 1
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Spec Proposal for Bulk Upload via Compressed Archives"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 44,
    "meta_title": "New Member Introductions",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 3 conversation groups about new member introductions",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Solid community",
      "Introduction",
      "Welcome",
      "Ping",
      "Acknowledgement",
      "Greetings",
      "Personal update"
    ],
    "group_count": 3,
    "total_message_count": 6,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 2,
      "2023": 1
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Pings and General Reactions",
      "New Member Introduction",
      "Miscellaneous Personal Update"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 45,
    "meta_title": "Long Term Archival Considerations",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 2 conversation groups about long term archival considerations",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Data Resilience",
      "Backup",
      "Personal Pod",
      "Data Loss",
      "PREP",
      "RDF Patches",
      "IETF",
      "Task Force",
      "Specification"
    ],
    "group_count": 2,
    "total_message_count": 17,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 1,
      "2023": 1
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Pod Value and Data Backup Resilience",
      "Proposal for a Solid-PREP Task Force on RDF Patches"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 46,
    "meta_title": "Monetization Models for Solid Pods",
    "meta_summary": "Participants briefly discussed the idea of developing monetization models for professional Solid Pod providers, agreeing that while important for business models, it is not a suitable topic for the specification Community Group.",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Monetization",
      "Pod Providers",
      "Business Model",
      "Adoption"
    ],
    "group_count": 1,
    "total_message_count": 4,
    "timeline": {
      "2024": 1
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Monetization Models for Professional Solid Pods"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 47,
    "meta_title": "Discussion of External Critiques",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 7 conversation groups about discussion of external critiques",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "orphaned",
      "miscellaneous",
      "Community Feedback",
      "Critique",
      "Solid Adoption",
      "Analysis",
      "Data Ownership",
      "Interoperability",
      "Autonomous Data",
      "Solid Principles"
    ],
    "group_count": 7,
    "total_message_count": 16,
    "timeline": {
      "2022": 1,
      "2024": 5,
      "2025": 1
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "LWS Protocol Authentication and Authorization Scope",
      "Orphaned Messages (Catch-all)",
      "External Critique of Solid Feedback Analysis",
      "Review of External Solid Commentary",
      "Orphaned Messages (Catch-all)",
      "Orphaned Messages (Catch-all)",
      "Orphaned Messages (Catch-all)"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 48,
    "meta_title": "Non-Functional Requirements Discussion",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 14 conversation groups about non-functional requirements discussion",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "orphaned",
      "miscellaneous",
      "File-based system",
      "Link Relation",
      "rel=meta",
      "Permissions",
      "HTTP Header",
      "AI",
      "DEI",
      "Solid World"
    ],
    "group_count": 14,
    "total_message_count": 38,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 3,
      "2022": 1,
      "2023": 8,
      "2024": 1,
      "2025": 1
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Social Announcements and Protocol Promotion",
      "Inquiry on Solid and AI/DEI Projects",
      "Discussion on Non-Functional Requirements (NFR) for Solid Protocols",
      "Miscellaneous Technical Notes",
      "Miscellaneous Comments",
      "Orphaned Messages (Catch-all)",
      "Orphaned Messages (Catch-all)",
      "Orphaned Messages (Catch-all)",
      "Orphaned Messages (Catch-all)",
      "Orphaned Messages (Catch-all)"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 49,
    "meta_title": "Noosphere Project Archiving",
    "meta_summary": "The conversation starts by sharing a link to the Noosphere protocol, followed by a note that its GitHub repository was recently archived.",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Noosphere",
      "Protocol",
      "Repository",
      "Archiving"
    ],
    "group_count": 1,
    "total_message_count": 3,
    "timeline": {
      "2024": 1
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Discussion on Noosphere Protocol"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 50,
    "meta_title": "New CG and Working Group Proposals",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 3 conversation groups about new cg and working group proposals",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Coordination",
      "Solid Panels",
      "VC",
      "Panel Lifecycle",
      "Specification Issues",
      "CCG",
      "IETF",
      "BoF",
      "Working Group",
      "Solid Catalog"
    ],
    "group_count": 3,
    "total_message_count": 19,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 1,
      "2024": 1,
      "2025": 1
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Dispute over Cataloging CSS Extensions and CG/Practitioners Scope",
      "Strategic approach to Solid Panel creation and lifecycle",
      "Discussing a Solid BoF at IETF"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 51,
    "meta_title": "SoSy 2024 CFP Call",
    "meta_summary": "An announcement was made regarding the immediate deadline for the Call for Session Proposals for the SoSy 2024 conference, prompting a query about the event's hybrid format.",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "SoSy 2024",
      "CFP",
      "Conference",
      "Hybrid event"
    ],
    "group_count": 1,
    "total_message_count": 2,
    "timeline": {
      "2023": 1
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "SoSy 2024 Call for Proposals"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 52,
    "meta_title": "Mallory project security testing",
    "meta_summary": "A detailed discussion concerning the abstraction of Solid APIs away from mandatory client-server/HTTP requirements to enable local-first architectures (like NextGraph's CRDT sync via pub/sub), contrasted with arguments for retaining HTTP for scalability and alignment with existing 'offline first' movements.",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Protocol Abstraction",
      "Local-First",
      "CRDT",
      "LWS",
      "HTTP Scalability"
    ],
    "group_count": 1,
    "total_message_count": 20,
    "timeline": {
      "2024": 1
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Decoupling Solid Specs, Local-First, and Scalability"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 53,
    "meta_title": "Legal Compliance & Data Sovereignty",
    "meta_summary": "A discussion was initiated regarding the legal implications of the UK Online Safety Act (OSA) and GDPR on Solid Pod providers, with legal input suggesting that Pod hosts are likely classified as unregulated infrastructure providers rather than regulated service providers.",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Online Safety Act",
      "GDPR",
      "Legal Compliance",
      "Infrastructure Provider",
      "Service Provider"
    ],
    "group_count": 1,
    "total_message_count": 15,
    "timeline": {
      "2025": 1
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Legal Analysis of UK Online Safety Act (OSA) and Solid Pods"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 54,
    "meta_title": "LWS Protocol Discussion",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 2 conversation groups about lws protocol discussion",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Security",
      "WebSocket",
      "Solid Spec",
      "Authorization",
      "Re-design",
      "Websocket",
      "ACL",
      "Pub/Sub"
    ],
    "group_count": 2,
    "total_message_count": 4,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 2
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Status of Solid WebSocket Security Specification",
      "Proposed Websocket Security Mechanism"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 55,
    "meta_title": "Collaboration with External Projects",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 12 conversation groups about collaboration with external projects",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Collaboration",
      "NLnet",
      "Dokieli",
      "Community Group",
      "Reusable Tooling",
      "Issue 615",
      "Medront",
      "Data Ownership",
      "CG Participation",
      "Decentralization"
    ],
    "group_count": 12,
    "total_message_count": 51,
    "timeline": {
      "2024": 8,
      "2025": 4
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Miscellaneous Links and Updates",
      "Medront Introduction and Collaboration Interest",
      "Proposal to Integrate NLnet-funded Projects into CG Work (Issue 615)",
      "NLnet Grant Announcements",
      "Engaging with Solid Community Australia",
      "ODI and Solid Collaboration Announcement",
      "Informational Resource Sharing",
      "External Event Link Sharing",
      "Reflection on the Empodera Talk and Dokieli's Spirit",
      "Video and Book Recommendation"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 56,
    "meta_title": "Naming Semantics Debate",
    "meta_summary": "A discussion explored whether Solid should also be dubbed 'Sovereign Linked Data' to complement 'Social Linked Data,' alongside a tangential critique of the Solid Wikipedia article.",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Solid Naming",
      "Social Linked Data",
      "Sovereign Linked Data",
      "Acronyms",
      "Wikipedia"
    ],
    "group_count": 1,
    "total_message_count": 9,
    "timeline": {
      "2024": 1
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Debating 'Sovereign Linked Data' vs 'Social Linked Data'"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 57,
    "meta_title": "External Commentary and Analysis",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 2 conversation groups about external commentary and analysis",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Image Share",
      "Link Metadata",
      "Ontology",
      "Timeout",
      "Link Share",
      "Code Snippet",
      "Solid Spec",
      "Metaphor"
    ],
    "group_count": 2,
    "total_message_count": 8,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 2
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Miscellaneous Observations and External Links",
      "Miscellaneous Links and Commentary"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 58,
    "meta_title": "Joint Meetings and Coordination",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 12 conversation groups about joint meetings and coordination",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Scheduling",
      "CCG",
      "Coordination",
      "orphaned",
      "miscellaneous",
      "Credentials CG",
      "Authorization Panel",
      "Meeting",
      "Integration",
      "Post-Meeting"
    ],
    "group_count": 12,
    "total_message_count": 119,
    "timeline": {
      "2021": 4,
      "2023": 1,
      "2025": 7
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Post-CCG Meeting Success and Next Steps",
      "W3C CCG Call Recap and Coordination Plans",
      "Administrative Announcements and Quick Links",
      "General Announcements and Coordination",
      "Inquiry and Sharing of CCG Meeting Minutes",
      "Logistics for Joint Solid/WebAgents Meeting",
      "Free-format Watercooler Chat Links",
      "Orphaned Messages (Catch-all)",
      "Scheduling Joint Meeting with Credentials CG",
      "Coordination of Catalog Discussion Meetings"
    ]
  },
  {
    "cluster_id": 59,
    "meta_title": "Solid Chat Protocol",
    "meta_summary": "Contains 3 conversation groups about solid chat protocol",
    "meta_keywords": [
      "Solid Chat",
      "Deletion Semantics",
      "ActivityPub",
      "Ethics",
      "Decentralization",
      "Live Updates",
      "Decentralized Storage",
      "Data Editing",
      "Scalability",
      "Data Integrity"
    ],
    "group_count": 3,
    "total_message_count": 28,
    "timeline": {
      "2024": 3
    },
    "sample_group_titles": [
      "Deep Dive into Solid Chat Protocol Semantics and Social Implications",
      "Solid Chat Data Management and Decentralized Storage",
      "Request for Solid Chat Specification PR Reviews"
    ]
  }
]